Generate Postgres Arrays with Nullable elements by default (#3056)
diesel-rs/diesel: CHANGELOG.md

* Implementations of custom SQLite SQL functions now check for panics

> * `infer_schema!` now generates `Array<Nullable<ST>>` rather than `Array<ST>` for Postgres Array types. Existence of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `diesel print-schema` now generates `Array<Nullable<ST>>` rather than `Array<ST>` for Postgres Array types. Existence of 
```
